applications: machine_learning: Add App specific event descr option (#6578)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added support for A-GPS filtered ephemerides.
* Added new documentation for :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_util_module` and :ref:`api_modules_common`.

nRF Machine Learning (Edge Impulse)
-----------------------------------

* Added:

>   * Added :kconfig:`CONFIG_ML_APP_SENSOR_EVENT_DESCR` option used to globally define sensor used by the application modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added :kconfig:`CONFIG_ML_APP_SENSOR_EVENT_DESCR` option that globally defines sensor used by the application modules.
```

Author: done.
